## Simple CRUD API

This project demonstrates production-level code I write in everyday work.

The soulution is:
- CRUD functionality of very base of a Web shop.
- Only Products and Sales combinations features are implemented.
- The structure is ready for extension with other entities.
- The structure also covers: Error handling, Logging, Dependency injection, Authorization, Api configuration, Autogenerated help page
- Live specifications are implemented in Gurkin scenarios.
- Every line of code has a test.
- Code and Api infrastructure are ready to be deployed.

The application has classic N-tier architecture with Controllers, Services and Repository layers.
Coding is done by sticking to TDD discipline. So every row of the code has it's own test yet before it got written.

## Used tools and open-source dependencies
### Api Infrustructure
- The Service utilizes `Autofac` nuget for Dependency injection
- Exceptions are handled and logged using `NLog`
- Authorization implemented via `Auth0` jwt tokens and proved with [integration tests](https://github.com/SergeyVolodko/CoolBlueTask/blob/master/CoolBlueTask.Tests/AuthorizationIntegrationTests.cs)
- Api configurations consumed from `Web.config`
- Help page generated with `Swagger`

### Testing tools
- Testing libraries `xUnit`, `AutoFixture`, `NSubstitute`, `FluentAssertions` and `ApprovalTests`
- Scenarios library `SpecFlow`
- Using `Owin` scenarios running an in-memory instance of the API. So no deployments required.

### Functionality implementation tools
- Entities mappings are done using `AutoMapper`
- Validations implemented via `FluentValidations`
- Repository layer works against SQLite database (InMemory for the flexibility). Utilizing micro ORM `Simple.Data`
Functionality proved with [integration tests](https://github.com/SergeyVolodko/CoolBlueTask/blob/master/CoolBlueTask.Tests/Products/ProductRepositoryIntegrationTests.cs)
(Selection of DB was random so that should change)
